I got a year to live, sam.
I'd like to make the most of it.
So what do you say we kill some evil sons
of bitches and we raise a little hell?
THEN
You didn't tell dean? Tell me what?
There's a big new up-and-comer.
Her name is lilith.
She really, really wants sam's
intestines on a stick.
Let dean out of his deal right now.
I'm just a saleswoman.
I got a boss like everybody.
Who holds the contract?
I can't tell you.
Bela talbot's her real name.
The colt.
Bela stole the colt.
I want it back, bela.
Your little pistol, you mean?
Sorry.
You understand how many people
are gonna die if you do this?
What exactly is it that you think
I plan to do with it?
Take the only weapon we have against an army
of demons and sell it to the highest bidder.
You know nothing about me.
- Pack your crap.
- Why?
Where are we going?
We're gonna go hunt the bitch down.
I don't want to go to hell.
We'll find a way to save you.
I'm scared, sam.
I'm really scared.
And the only person that can get
me out of this thing is me.
And me.
NOW
Up for a drink?
No, I can't.
I got to be up at the cracky down.
Duty calls.
- Boob job?
- I wish.
Nah, some crabby old broad
wants the works.
I need a forklift to get it all back up.
All that work to have what?
15 minutes off her faces?
Staying young is a brutal business.
Hey!
Help!
Let me out of here!
- Sir?
- Please.
It's okay, sir.
Let me see what happened.
Don't you worry.
There's nothing I haven't seen.
- No, no, no...
- Let me see...
Transcript : www.1000fr.com
Synchro : Flolo
Stop!
You ready to talk?
I don't know.
I don't know anything!
Oh, you hear that, Sam?
He doesn't know anything.
Yeah, I heard.
I'm telling you the truth.
Oh, you are?
My god,
then I owe you an apology.
Allow me to make it up to you.
I'm gonna ask you one last time...
Who holds my contract?!
Your mother.
Yeah, she, uh, showed it to me
right before I bent her over.
I want a name.
- Or else...
- Or what?
You're gonna squirt
your holy water in both ends?
Please.
Brother, that's like a fleabite
compared to what's coming to me
if I tell you jack.
Do what you want.
The only thing I'm scared
is the demon holding your ticket.
How does that feel?
Does that feel good?
Go ahead.
Send me back to hell...
'Cause when you get there,
I'll be waiting for you...
With a few pals who are dying
for a nice little meet and greet
Dean Winchester.
Should I?
Send him someplace
he can't hurt anyone else.
You ran the prints twice?
Are you sure?
Okay. Yeah,
just chalk it up to lab error.
Don't I know it. Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'll tell the lieutenant.
Bury the body?
Yeah.
Looks like these demons
ride 'em hard just for kicks.
What was the phone call about?
Remember that thing in the paper yesterday?
"Stripper suffocates dude with thighs"?
The other thing.
Right,
the guy that walks into the E.R.
and kneels over dead.
His stomach's ripped out?
His liver, actually.
Anyways, I just found out
- something pretty damn interesting.
- What?
The dead body covered
in bloody fingerprints, not the victim's.
Okay, great. My man Dave Caruso
will be stoked to hear it.
Those fingerprints match a guy
who died in 1981.
Really?
So, what are we talking?
Uh, walking dead? Walking, killing dead?
Maybe.
Zombies do like the other other white meat.
Speaking of,
what do you care about zombies?
What do you mean?
Well, you've been on soul-saving detail
for months now.
And we're three weeks out,
and all of a sudden,
you're interested
in some hot zombie action?
Hey, man, you're the one
who's been all gung ho to hunt.
- I just thought I'd be doing you a favor.
- Hey, no, no, no, no, no.
I didn't say I didn't want to do it, okay.
I mean obviously
- I want to hunt some zombies.
- Okay, fine, whatever.
Yeah, the rest of the body was intact.
The liver was the only organ missing.
Now, where the liver was ripped out,
did you happen to notice any teeth marks?
Can I see your badges?
Of course, sure.
- Fine. So you're cops and morons.
- Excuse me?
- No, no. We're very smart.
- The liver was not ripped out.
It was removed.
Surgically.
By someone who knew
their way around a scalpel.
Didn't you read my report?
Of course we did. Oh, it was riveting.
It was a real page-turner, just delightful.
- You done?
- I think so.
Please go away.
Sure.
What?
Nothing.
So, that kind of punches a hole
in our zombie theory, huh,
that scalpel thing?
Yeah, zombie with skills,
"Dr. Quinn, medicine zombie".
Maybe we're on the wrong track, Dean,
looking for hacked-up corpses.
What should we be looking for?
Survivors.
This isn't zombie lunch.
This is organ theft.
I told the cops all of this yesterday.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
It's just a couple of questions, sir.
Hey, man.
I just got my kidney stolen.
I'm tired.
We'll be out of here quick.
Don't you want to get the guy?
Will it get me back my kidney?
So what's the last thing you remember?
Feeding my meter.
He jumped from behind...
and then I wake up strapped to a table.
And then the worst pain
you could possibly imagine, only worse.
And then I black out again.
Thank god.
And then I wake up screaming
in some no-tell motel
in a bathtub full of ice.
Do you remember anything
about the surgery know,
what the guy looked like,
any details about the room?
Let me think about that.
Yeah...
One thing is coming back to me.
You know what I remember?
Getting my kidney cut out of my body!
- So, I got a theory.
- Yeah?
Yeah, I talked to Mr. Giggle's doctor.
Turns out his incisions
were sewn up with silk.
- That's weird.
- Yeah, nowadays it is,
but silk used to be the suture of choice
back in the early 19th century.
It was really problematic.
Patients would get massive infections.
The death rate was insane.
- Good times.
- Right,
so doctors,
they had to do whatever they could
to keep infections from spreading.
- One way was maggots.
- Dude, I'm eating.
It actually kind of worked
because maggots, they eat bad tissue,
and they leave good tissue.
And get this. When they found our guy,
- his body cavity was stuffed full of maggots.
- Dude, I'm eating.
Alright let me get this straight.
- So, people are getting ganked, right?
- Yeah.
A little "antiques roadshow" surgery,
some organ theft.
- But why does that sound familiar?
- Because you heard it before.
When you we a kid... from dad.
Doc Benton...
real-life doctor, lived in New Hampshire,
brilliant and obsessed with alchemy,
especially how to live forever.
So, in 1816,
doc abandons his practice and...
Right, yeah, nobody hears from him
for like 20 years,
and all of sudden,
people start showing up dead.
Dead or missing an organ
or the hand or some other kind of part.
'Cause whatever he was doing
was actually working.
He just kept on ticking.
Parts would wear out, he'd replace them.
But I thought dad hunted him down
and took his heart out.
Yeah, I guess doc
must have plugged in a new one.
All right, where's he doing the deed?
According to this, Ben's picky
about where he sets up his lab.
He likes dense forest
with access to a river or stream
- or some kind of freshwater.
- Why?
Because that's where he likes
to dump the bile
and intestines and fecal matter.
Lost your appetite yet?
Maybe I can stay mad at you.
No please.
No.
No, no.
So these are all the cabins.
They most have been abandonned
for years.
So what the hell
are we waiting for?
They got finally got a bate on Bella.
I'm listenning.
Rufus Turner.
Who's that? Like a Cleveland steamer?
He's a hunter,
or he used to be.
And now?
Permit mostly.
Doesn't want selling on the side.
Anyway.
I put the word out on Bella
months ago.
He just called.
Said a woman got in touch,
wanted to buy some things.
And he thinks it's Bella?
British accent, went by the name
Mina Chandler.
She's used that before.
Well, it's kinda of a sloppy move
in getting in contact
with one of your old friends.
A friend? ???
in fifteen years.
He's not the christmas card type.
I doubt she knows I know him.
Canaan, Vermont.
- Thanks, Bobby. We're on our way.
- One other thing.
Take a bottle of Johnnie Walker Blue.
Okay.
- Come on. We're going after Bella.
- What?
- Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on a second.
- Come on. Would you stop? The clock's ticking.
Look, I think we should stay here
and finish the cakes.
- You're insane?
- Dean, there's no way she still has the colt!
There was months ago! She probably
sold it the second she got it.
Well, then I'll kill her.
Win-win.
We're going!
- No.
- Why the hell not?
Dean, this is here. Now.
This is what's gonna save you.
What? Chasing some Frankenstein?
Chasing immortality.
Look, Benton can't die.
We find out how he did,
we can do it to you.
- What are you talking about?
- You have to die before you go to hell, right?
- So, if you can never die, then...
- Wait, wait, wait. What are you saying?
Did you know that this was ???
from the jump?
No.
- Look, I was hoping.
- So the whole zombie thing,
- it was lying to me?
- I don't wanna say anything
until we're sure, Dean.
All I'm trying to do
is find an answer here.
No. What you're trying to do is chase
slicy here.
And to kill him?
No. You wanna buy him
a freaking beer. You wanna study him.
- I was just trying to help.
- You're not helping!
You forget that if I ???
on this deal,
you die.
Guess what?
Living forever is well...
Fine! Then, whatever the magic pill is,
I'll take it too!
Oh, what is it? Sid and Nancy?
No. It's just like Bobby was saying.
We kill the demon who owns the contract,
and this whole damn thing gets clean.
That's our best shot.
Even if you had the colt, Dean,
who you're gonna shoot?
We've no idea
who holds the ticket.
I'll shoot the whole hellhouse
before they slash me up.
- Now, you're coming or not?
- I'm staying here.
No, you're not.
'Cause I'm not gonna let you
wander out in the woods alone
to track some older stealing freak.
- Look, let me...
- No, I'm not gonna let you.
How are you gonna stop me?
Look, man,
we're trying to do the same thing here.
I know.
But I'm going.
So if you wanna stay...
stay.
Sammy, be careful.
You too.
What?
Hi, uh, Rufus?
Yeah, even if I am,
the question is still the same.
What?
Uh, I'm Dean Winchester.
I'm a friend of Bobby Singer's.
So?
You called him this morning.
Uh, you told Bobby
about a british chick
who made contact with you.
And so?
You know where she is?
- Yeah.
- Great.
Could you tell me
where I could find her?
No.
Course not.
Look, Rufus, man...
Look,
let me point something out to you.
You are knocking at my door,
so don't "Look, man" me.
I'm not your man.
I'm sorry, sir.
All right, let me tell you a little story.
See, once upon a time, Bobby called me,
asked me to call him
if I got a whiff of this Bela Talbot.
I got a whiff. I called. The end.
Okay, yeah, if you could just
tell me where she is, I mean,
that would be great.
- Dean Winchester, right?
- Yeah.
Dean, do I look like I'm here
to help you?
I'm gonna say no.
Then get the hell of my property.
All right, fair enough.
I got one more question for you,
though.
See, I got this, uh
this bottle of scotch, and... uh,
is this considered good?
Bottoms up.
You know,
I don't even bother drinking
unless it's this stuff.
Nectar of the gods, I'm telling you.
Hey, it's a nice change, you know.
Most of my whiskey's from a plastic jug.
So, Bela was here because...
She wanted to buy a couple of things,
which is gonna take me some time
to round up.
Where is she now?
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
You got three weeks left.
Why are you wasting your time
chasing after that
skinny, stuck-up english girl?
How do you know about that?
Because I know things.
I know a lot of things
about a lot of people.
Is that so?
I know ain't no peashooter
gonna save you.
What makes you so sure?
'Cause that's the job, kid.
Even if you manage
to scrape out of this one,
there'just gonna be something else
down the road.
Folks like us...
there ain't no happy ending.
We all know it coming.
Well, ain't you a bucket of sunshine?
I'm what you've got
to look forward to if you survive.
But you won't.
So, Bela...
Hotel Canaan.
Room 39.
But watch your back.
I think I can handle Bela.
Oh, don't be so sure about that.
There are things
that you don't know about her.
Oh, and you do?
Right.
Because you know things.
Yep.
And let me guess...
you lift her fingerprint?
Yep.
And that got you jack.
She burnt them off.
Probably years ago.
Yeah, so you're right where we are.
Nope.
You do her ear?
Sorry?
Hey, man, I'll try anything once,
but I don't know.
That sounds uncomfortable.
Ears are as unique to humans
as fingerprints.
- No kidding.
- Of course,
that don't fly in the
courts over here,
but in England, they're all over it.
A friend of a friend...
of a friend
faxed me 10 pages
of confidential files
within a day.
All I had to send him was
one clean shot off the security camera.
Right.
One clean shot of her ear.
The so-called Bela Talbot.
Shh! Shh! Shh!
It's okay. I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help you.
I'm gonna help you.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Okay, here we go.
Ok, watch your head.
Sorry.
Try to get straight. Try to get straight.
- Where's the colt?
- Dean.
No extra words.
It's long gone,
across the world by now.
You're lying.
I'll call the buyer. Speak farsi?
What the hell...
Don't flatter yourself.
- Don't move.
- I told you I don't have it.
Oh, yeah, I'm definitely
gonna take your word for it.
Don't move.
It's gone.
Get on a plane if you must.
Track down the buyer.
You might catch up to him eventually.
Are you going to kill me?
Oh, yeah.
You're not the cold-blooded type.
You mean like you?
That's true.
See, I couldn't imagine
killing my parents.
- I don't know what you're talking...
- Yes, you do.
You were, what, 14?
Folks died in some shady car accident.
Police suspected a slashed brake line,
but it was all too crispy to tell.
Cut to little Bela...
Oh, I'm sorry, Abby...
inheriting millions.
- How did you ev...
- Doesn't matter.
They were lovely people.
And I killed them.
And I got rich.
I can't be bothered to give a damn.
Just like I don't care
what happens to you.
You make me sick.
Likewise.
You're not worth it.
It worked.
He found me.
No, Sam wasn't with him.
But I know where they are.
- Dean?
- Yeah.
- Did you get the colt?
- What do you think?
So, does that mean Bela is...
No, no, she deserves to die
a dozen times over,
but I couldn't do it.
I'm really screwed, Sammy.
- No, you're just...
- But you were right.
Bela was a goose chase.
The colt's gone,
and this time I'm really screwed, Sam.
Maybe not.
Look, I found Benton's cabin.
- You okay? Was he there?
- Yeah.
- Did you kill him?
- No.
- What do you mean, "no"?
- Dean, please just listen for a second.
I found his lab book,
and it has the formula.
- What, the live-forever formula?</i
- Yeah.
Great, let me guess.
I got to drink blood
out of a baby's skull?
No, that's the thing.
It's not black magic.
There's no blood sacrifice or anything.
It's just science, Dean.
Very, very extremely weird science, but...
Wait, wait, wait. What are...
What are you saying? You think...
Dean, I think it might be doable.
I mean,
I know we've hit a lot of walls, but I...
I think this formula,
I think it might be it.
This could save you.
Okay, so, this formula...
Well, I mean, look, look,
we're not in the clear yet.
There are still things that I don't get.
Sam?
Sammy!
You can relax.
It's all gonna be okay.
Ain't nothing gonna happen here
that you got to worry about, Sammy.
Your chances of coming out
of this procedure alive?
Very, very high.
How do you know my name?
Oh...
I know.
You think I'm some kind of monster,
don't you?
Well, I got to tell you,
I have never done one thing
that I did not have to do.
This whole eternal-life thing
is very high-maintenance.
If something goes bad,
like my eyes here...
you got to replace them.
And sometimes things get damaged,
like when your father cut out my heart.
Now, that...
That was very inconvenient.
So,
I'm sure that you can understand
all the joy I felt
when I read all
about myself here in his journal.
Kind of makes this whole thing
just feel like some
kind of family reunion, don't it?
Well, I guess it's about time
that we get this thing started.
Shoot all you want.
A knife?
What part of immortality
do you not understand?
Pity about the heart, though.
It was a brand-new one.
Good.
It should be pumping nice and strong...
Sending this stuff throughout
your whole body.
See, I picked up your little
bottle upstairs and dipped the knife in it.
Oh, hiya, doc.
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bac-y.
- Please.
- Please what?
You've been killing poor bastards
for over 150 years
and now you got a request?
Shut up.
No, you don't understand.
I can help you. I know
what you need.
We might have to cut him up
into little bits. You know,
this immortality thing is a bitch.
I can read the formula for you.
The whole immortality...
Forever young, never die.
What?
I mean,
we're talking hell in three weeks.
Or needing a new pancreas
in like half a century.
Yeah, well, you can't exactly get those
at a kwik-e-mart.
It's not perfect, but it buys us more time
to think of something better.
We just need time, Dean.
I mean, please, just...
just think about it.
No.
- Dean, don't you want to live?
- What he is isn't living.
- Look, this is simple.
- Simple?
To me it is, okay.
Black or white; human, not human.
See, what the doc is
is a freakin' monster.
I can't do it.
I would rather go to hell.
You don't understand.
I can help you!
Now, I'm gonna take care of him.
You can help me or not.
It's up to you.
No! No!
Don't! Stop it!
I can help you! No!
Enjoy forever in there, doc.
Let me out!
I can save you!
No. Don't.
Hiya, Bela.
Here's a fun fact you may not know...
I felt your hand in my pocket
when you swiped that motel receipt.
You don't understand.
Oh, I'm pretty sure
I understand perfectly.
You see, I noticed something interesting
in your hotel room,
something tucked above the door.
An herb...
devil's shoestring.
Well, there's only one use for that...
holding hellhounds at bay.
So, you know what I did?
I went back,
and I took another look at
your folks' obit.
Turns out they died 10 years ago today.
You didn't kill them.
A demon did your dirty work.
You made a deal, didn't you, Bela?
And it's come due.
I can take care of them for you.
And it won't even cost you anything.
For 10 whole years.
Is that why you stole the colt, huh?
To try to wiggle out of your deal?
- Our gun for your soul?
- Yes.
But stealing the colt
wasn't quite enough, I'm guessing.
They changed the deal.
They wanted me to kill Sam.
Really? Wow.
Demons untrustworthy...
Shocker.
That's kind of a tight deadline, too.
What time is it?
Oh, look at that. Almost midnight.
Dean, listen, I need help.
Sweetheart, we are weeks past help.
I know I don't deserve it.
You know what? You're right.
You don't.
But you know
what the bitch of the bunch is?
If you would have just come to us sooner
and asked for help,
we probably could have taken the colt
and saved you.
I know, and saved yourself.
I know about your deal, Dean.
Wnd who told you that?
The demon that holds it.
She holds mine, too.
- She says she holds every deal.
- She?
Her name's Lilith.
Lilith?
Why should I believe you?
You shouldn't, but it's the truth.
This can't help you, Bela.
Not now.
Why are you telling me this?
Because just maybe you can kill the bitch.
I'll see you in hell.
www.tvsubtitles.net